[birds twittering]
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[thunder rumbling]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
-[gasps] Huh? [gasps]
-[thunder cracks]
[water splashing]
-[hums] Ah.
-[horse whinnies]
-[thunder rumbling]
-[gasps]
That's strange.
Mmm. [inhales]
-[gasps]
-[thunder rumbles]
What is wrong with those clouds?
-[panting]
-[thunder rumbles]
Hmm.
-Something's not right.
-[rumbling continues]
[magic humming]
[electrical zapping]
You will never have it. Gaston!
The trident is sacred to my kingdom!
Can it. tuna!
Your kingdom will not be yours
much longer.
Magic Mirror.
show this overgrown carnival prize
all the castles in my control.
Magic Mirror. show him.
[sighs]
Please.
[fire roars]
Gaston.
many castles you control.
many relics you possess.
Ooh. this is my favorite part.
[Magic Mirror]
You may take over all the lands
if no one puts you to the test.
Who would dare challenge me?
I'm unstoppable!
Why are you doing this?
I'm the greatest hunter in the land.
There's no beast I can't vanquish.
no prey I can't slay.
So now. I hunt the most elusive game.
items steeped in magical power.
The more I collect.
the more powerful I become!
♪ Look at this stuff
Isn't it neat? ♪
[sighs]
I have so many trophies.
I took over
this inexplicably abandoned castle
just to store them.
And I have a very special room
reserved for you. friend.
Just as soon as someone…
releases his hold on you.
[screams]
[clears throat] I meant to do that.
[grunts. growls]
Oh. I'll release the trident to you.
if you give me a chance to win my freedom.
Are you suggesting a contest?
If I win and you are defeated
by my bravest warriors.
I take my trident.
and you return what you've stolen.
But if you win.
not only will you get my trident.
but you'll gain control
of all the oceans as well.
Even the little one?
Oh. especially the little one.
Then let's see who I'll be up against.
Magic Mirror on the wall.
bring me the bravest warriors of them all.
I know five warriors you might face.
when united. will put you in your place.
Five warriors true. when brought together.
could be even more than you could weather.
You're a charmed piece of glass.
What do you know about weather?
-[thunder rumbling]
-[shrieks]
[wind roaring]
[sighs]
[Magic Mirror]
Protector of creatures great and small.
Snow White.
The bravest wayfinder of them all.
Moana.
Steadfast. determined. logical and bold.
Tiana.
Not one to sit back and do as she's told.
Rapunzel.
A final warrior will take pains
to free her father from your chains.
Ariel.
Ooh. I think my horse took a wrong turn.
I don't think animals had
anything to do with this.
Daddy! Oh. no. What is happening?
Gramma Tala always said
the ocean was home to many.
but I've never met anyone like you.
And never like this.
Who did this to you?
Oh. Ariel.
Ladies. please. One at a time.
Startled? I have that effect on women.
The name's Gaston.
You can't trap my father like this.
Release him at once.
Not until he gives me what I want.
His giant fork.
With all the other magical objects
he's stolen.
if he takes my trident.
his power will be unstoppable.
He will rule over
all the lands and oceans.
That's why you've been brought here.
So you're the reason
the clouds are so dark in my kingdom.
And why I can't navigate using the stars.
[chuckles] Guilty as charged.
Bring back the sun. you monster.
-Easy there.
-[grunting]
You'll want to save your energy.
First. a little contest.
You have three challenges to complete.
If you succeed. I'll release him.
-But if you fail--
-I won't fail.
I'm ready to face
whatever challenges you've set up.
We're all ready.
No. You can't join me.
It's too dangerous.
Gaston must be stopped.
If the ocean or its king needs me.
I'm there. Count me in.
Ariel. not a day goes by
where I don't miss my daddy
with every bit of my heart.
If I can help you avoid that pain. I will.
And I have an axe!
What do we have to do? We're ready.
Magic Mirror. if you please.
Magic Mirror?
Well. well. well.
We meet again.
Oh. [chuckles]
Hey. Snow White.
I'm so sorry about the Evil Queen.
the Huntsman. etcetera.
Tsk. tsk. tsk.
Water under the bridge.
Let's crush them.
-[giggles]
-[clears throat]
Behind three doors in this castle
lie three challenges.
Bravery and resourcefulness
will be your guides.
The path will be clear
if you search inside.
Let the games begin.
[Ariel] No!
He can't be out of the water
for very long. He'll die!
Then I would get moving if I were you.
Time is ticking.
Or dripping. in this case.
[chuckles] Oh. Gaston. you cad.
I almost lost you once.
I won't lose you again.
Okay. ladies.
Let's storm this castle.
[all panting]
There are so many doors.
Which one do we choose?
Magic Mirror said the path will be clear
if you search inside.
Inside.
I-Inside?
Ah!
What? [chuckles]
You store things in your hair?
I always have a scootieblot on me.
I never know
when I'll need to dig a small hole or--
Or scratch my back.
-[giggles]
-Ariel. that's a key.
You use it to unlock doors.
Maybe it's a clue.
-There.
-[all panting]
We should split up.
We'll try this door.
[Snow White gasps] Oh. dear.
I don't think I'm going to like
where this door goes.
It worked. What about that door?
[doorknob rattles]
[sighs] No good. It's locked.
Let me try mine!
[pan clangs]
And here I am using frying pans
for cooking.
Why don't you go first?
[grunts] I'm ready for you. deadly--
Bedroom? With calming mood lighting?
Ooh.
[gasps]
And a fruit basket.
-[inhales deeply. gasps]
-Don't eat that!
[chuckles] This room is beautiful.
but I don't see a challenge.
Maybe the challenge lies
not in what is here but what's not here.
Hmm.
Something must be missing.
but I can't put my finger on it.
[foot tapping]
Hmm. What about your foot?
Ariel. that must be it.
-A mat used to be here.
-[gasps] Or a carpet.
[occupant] Oh. thank goodness.
[chuckles]
I thought you'd never figure it out.
Is that the challenge?
It sure is!
And you must find the Magic Carpet.
But. ah. where is it?
"The path will be clear
if you search inside."
Ah! Uh. pardon me. but may we look inside?
Of course!
I'm filled to the gills with good stuff.
And there's something extra special
for you. Moana.
[giggles]
[Moana] Gramma Tala?
That's a sign if I've ever seen one.
Let's go.
[giggling] Oh. that tickles.
[gasps] Hey. watch the drawers.
[objects rattling]
Gotta find it. Gotta find it.
[contents rattle]
What are we looking for again?
We're just looking-- [gasps]
What is happening to your hair?
It's incredible.
Oh. this? [chuckles]
This sometimes happens
because of the Sundrop Flower.
I wonder if--
Finding the Sundrop Flower
is our challenge?
I bet it is.
I'm not familiar with that species.
Do they often grow in bedrooms?
-Not typically.
-[Tiana] Huh.
Strange. These are all cookbooks.
Ah. I don't believe it.
This is my daddy's cookbook.
W-Why is it here?
Sometimes we don't know
how things find us. They just do.
I think you should look inside.
-[Tiana] Huh?
-[all gasp]
-[Rapunzel] Ooh.
-[Tiana gasps]
[Snow White] Huh?
Should we knock first?
I hate to be rude.
[door creaks]
[all scream]
-[seagull squawks]
-[waves lapping]
[both scream. grunt]
Where are we?
[Moana] Strange.
I don't know this island.
[Ariel] Ooh.
Let's follow the feet holes.
Oh. There's that shell again.
Okay. What's this tree hiding?
[grunting]
Oh. it's hiding absolutely nothing.
This calls for a scootieblot moment.
-I have really got to get me one of those.
-[Ariel grunts]
-[thuds]
-[gasps] There's something here.
[gasps] Ariel. it's a treasure map.
My navigation skills
can definitely get us there.
Great. Let's go.
Hold on. I don't have a tail.
Oh. Right.
[chuckles] Of course.
[grunts]
[object whistling]
But I can build a canoe.
[all scream. grunt]
-Do either of you know where we are?
-[screams. shrieks]
This place is spookier than the bayou
on a new moon night.
-[Snow White panting]
-I don't know this place.
But. admittedly.
I haven't spent much time outside.
-[clacking]
-Snow White?
[both gasp]
[armor beeping]
You should both suit up.
This is the Dark Forest.
It does not mess around.
[screams. grunts]
No!
My indestructible armor!
So. this is the Dark Forest?
It must be a pretty scary place.
There are so many dangers.
I don't know how we'll make it through.
We have each other.
And our friend Ariel needs us now.
We'll make it through together.
I'm so grateful to have you with me.
Maybe it won't be so bad.
After all. I've been here before.
I know what to expect.
Exactly.
The bears are really quite friendly
once they've been fed.
Bears?
Did she say bears?
And the man-eating spiders
don't actually eat you.
They just nibble on your limbs a bit.
It kinda tickles.
Uh. man-eating spiders?
Oh. I feel much better.
Thank you for reminding me
what's important.
That girl is seven gems short
of a diamond mine.
Oh. this is just insulting.
[Gaston] But you chose five ladyfolk.
Surely I'm stronger and braver than them.
I have cheekbones like marble.
teeth like cinder blocks.
abs you could wash laundry on.
If I did laundry. I totally would.
[flies buzzing]
Alas. Gaston.
Oh. what do you know?
You may think
they're suitable matches for me.
but we'll see
if they even survive the third challenge.
What do you mean
survive the third challenge?
The first two challenges are tests
of cunning and bravery.
Yes. yes. Go on.
And the third challenge is.
there is no challenge.
It's a death trap.
-What?
-[chuckling] Classic Gaston.
Then I win because they forfeit.
They didn't forfeit. They were tricked.
I get your big fork.
and I become ruler of land and oceans.
with Magic Mirror here
as my loyal assistant.
I serve no one but myself.
-We'll talk.
-This-- This was all a setup?
Don't be so hard on yourself.
You're all scales and tails.
You couldn't have known
that I'm as calculating as I am handsome.
-[shrieks]
-You're a scoundrel.
And you'll never win.
Ariel is far more clever than you.
They all are!
-You think they might foil my plan?
-I know they will.
[scoffs] Then maybe we should
complicate things a little.
[cackles]
[gasps. groans]
[groans]
Hold on. Moana! [screaming]
[Gaston scatting]
[spell zaps]
A dash of thunder.
A pinch of lightning.
And a heaping helping
of torrential downpour!
[thunder rumbling]
[Moana panting]
Let's call for backup.
Friends. help!
Ocean. help!
[dolphin whistles]
[clicks. squeaks]
Hello. friend. You're right on time.
[cheers]
[bird squawking]
What can you tell us
about the Sundrop Flower?
It grows in the most enchanted.
magical part of a forest.
and it has healing powers.
My mother drank its nectar.
and that's why
my hair glows the way it does.
Ohhh! There it goes again.
It must be close.
-[leaves rustling]
-[gasps]
-What's that sound?
Maybe it's the flower?
This is the Dark Forest.
It could be anything. Or nothing.
That's how it gets you.
The fear.
-[twig snaps]
-[all scream]
Hello.
You found the flower.
[sighs] I'm sorry. little friend.
But you aren't quite
the flower we're looking for.
-[chuckles]
-But we are very glad to meet you.
Maybe you can help us.
I would love to help you.
[chuckling] I don't mind.
Do you know where the Sundrop Flower is?
Mm-hmm. [laughing]
Come on. Let's follow him.
But not too close.
[laughing]
-[Moana grunts]
-Oh.
-[dolphin clicks. squeaks]
-Thanks for the lift. friend.
And the smooth surfing. ocean.
[giggles]
[both laugh]
This way.
[gasps. grunts]
-Huh.
-[gasps]
[pirates shouting]
[both gasp]
You heard the orders.
As soon as all the treasure is cleared
outta the cave. we sail.
Aye. aye. I'll tell the others to hurry.
Let's get to the cave.
If treasure is in there.
maybe the carpet is too.
Or wait for the carpet to come to us.
[gasps]
Do you think that's the Magic Carpet?
Only one way to find out.
Psst. Psst.
[gasps]
[growling]
Um.
Are you hungry?
-I can whip up a bit of forest gumbo.
-That wasn't me.
If I had to guess.
I'd say there are three…
-[wolf howls]
-…make that four. wolves.
Hungry wolves. by the sound of it.
-[wolf barks. growls]
-Uh. do they like gumbo?
-Run!
-[growling continues]
[snarling. barking]
[pirates shouting]
[pirate grumbles]
Speed up. mates. Captain's coming.
[pirates] Aye. aye.
[sighs]
I bet they put Magic Carpet in the galley
with the other treasure.
We need a plan.
Hmm.
Ooh. A tuba-boom.
What's a tuba-boom?
A musical instrument ships play
when they pass each other in the night.
[chuckles] It's very romantic.
Come on.
[pirates gasp. grunt]
[pirate 1] Get the cannon!
-[pirate 2] No. no.
-[pirate 1] It's getting away.
[pirate 1] Grab it!
Someone grab it! [yelps]
-[pirate 2] The cannon! [shrieks]
-[pirate 1] Run away from the cannon!
[cannon crashes]
-[groans]
-[growls]
Keep your hands to yourself!
[grunts. groans]
[pirate] Argh!
[pirates growling]
You've got this.
Just think of them as giant Kakamora…
[growling continues]
…who growl.
-[wolves growl]
-[Snow White panting. screams]
[princesses panting]
[panting]
[wolves growling]
[Snow White grunting]
[growling]
[panting]
[wolf barks. panting]
[growling]
-[Rapunzel panting]
-[wolf growling]
[grunts]
[pants. grunts]
[grunts. sighs]
[growling]
[gasps]
[wolves growling]
Whoo!
[grunts]
[wolf grunts]
[wolves snarl. growling]
-[cracking]
-[all scream]
-[wolves growling]
-[all gasp]
[pirates laughing]
Okay. okay. okay. okay.
How about this one?
-How does Captain Hook pick his nose?
-[laughs]
-How? [laughing]
-Carefully!
-[laughs]
-[laughs] Huh?
[grunts. sneezes]
-[Ariel] Gesundheit.
-Aw. thanks!
-Huh?
[pirate 1 grunts]
-Oh. hey! Can I borrow that?
-[chuckling] Oh. certainly--
-[grunts]
-Hey!
-[Moana grunts]
[pirates grunt. scream]
-[pirate grunting]
-[deckhand screams]
[pirate grunts. groans]
-[grunts]
-[pirate groans]
[grunting. straining]
[pirate groans]
-[gasps]
-[grunts] Thank you!
No. thank you!
[chuckles]
Wait a second.
[wolves growling]
Well… [sighs]
…I would just like to say
that I've enjoyed our time together.
You've got to have hope.
-There's still a way out of this.
-Indeed!
I'm going to have
a conversation with them.
A conversation?
-Unless you speak wolf. I don't think--
-[barks. growls]
Oh. She really does speak wolf.
[barks. growls]
[howls]
[wolves growl]
Ooh. I can't watch.
[all grunting]
[grunts]
-[groans]
-[grunts]
[both grunting]
[groans. grunting]
[pirate grunting]
[screams. grumbles]
-Yes!
-[pirate 1 groans]
-[shouts]
-[gasps]
[all grunt]
[pirate grunts. growls]
[cannon rolling]
[groans. screams]
-[cannons rolling]
-[both scream]
-[deckhand screams]
-[cannon clangs]
-[deckhand] H-- Hey!
-[screams]
[both panting]
-Tell me what's happening. [gasps]
-[wolves panting]
No. don't tell me.
Oh. tell me. I gotta know.
-She's… teaching them tricks?
-[wolf barks]
-[Snow White growling. barking]
-[wolf panting. growling. barks]
-Now she's playing a game.
-Huh?
[hums. chuckles]
[chuckles]
Ohhh!
Now she's leading a puppy cuddle party.
Come on.
[Snow White sighs]
Never underestimate
the power of friendship.
[strains. sighs]
[growls] Ooh!
[barking]
[Snow White barks. growls]
The wolves say
the Sundrop Flower isn't far.
They'll take us there!
[giggles]
-[Flower grunts]
-[wolf growls]
-[Ariel pants. grunts]
-[pirate growls. shouts]
[growls]
[grunts]
[objects clatter]
[knocking]
[clapping]
Magic Carpet?
-[gasps]
-[all panting. laughing]
[strains. growls. barks]
We are grateful.
Uh…
[imitates wolf]
[wolves whine]
[giggles]
[wolf panting]
[wolf howls. barks]
[owl hoots]
Uh. guys.
my hair seems to think this is the place.
Let's check it out.
[exclaims. gasps]
That's the Sundrop Flower!
[giggles]
[grunts] Let's get you out of here.
-[captain] Pick up the pace!
-[gasps]
You wanna walk the plank?
[grunts. groans]
But-But. Captain Iago!
Captain Iago?
Don't "but. but. but" me.
Now. get moving!
[crying]
Pirates have feelings too. you know.
I don't believe it.
I've got mites that work faster
than these guys.
Huh? Hold on!
What are you up to?
-[metal clinks]
-Start squawking.
[creatures stomp. growl]
Okay. Let's grab it and go.
Oh. you can't pick the flower.
[chuckling]
But our friend Ariel really needs it.
-[creature growls]
-[screaming]
[growls]
-[Rapunzel grunts]
-[Snow White screams]
-I tried to warn you.
-[Rapunzel pants]
-[strains]
-The trees won't allow it!
-[all gasp]
-[trees growling]
[trees roar]
[Flower screams]
[pirates grunting. screaming]
[pirate] Run away from the cannon!
-Tuba-boom attack!
-[grunts]
[grunts. screams]
[gasps] Aw. coconuts.
[cackles]
-[cannon rolling]
-[squawks]
[Moana screaming]
[grunting]
[grunts]
-[tree growling]
-[both straining]
We did not come all this way
to be crushed by kindling!
-[straining. grunts]
-[roars]
[Snow White grunts]
Time for plan B!
[exclaims]
More like C-sharp!
[inhales deeply]
[vocalizes]
[birds squawking]
[tree groans]
-[woodpeckers pecking]
-[trees groan]
-That was some entrance.
-But how do we make our exit?
[Iago] You don't!
Pirate law number 707.
Stowaways don't go away.
-[cackles]
-I know one way out.
Have you ever heard a tuba-boom sing?
Wait! What are you doing?
-[sizzles]
-It's quite romantic. but loud. [chuckles]
You'll want to cover your ears.
[squawks] Abandon ship!
[explosion]
[cannon whistles]
[Ariel] Come on!
[grunts]
[groans]
[squawks] I'm outta here!
This captain job's for the birds!
-[trees groaning]
-[woodpeckers squawking]
[grunts. strains]
[chiming]
[both scream]
Eat bark. evil trees! I--
Oh! We're back at the castle.
[chiming]
[chuckles]
[gasps]
-[thunderclap]
-[gasps]
[zapping]
Is everyone okay?
-Mm-hmm.
-Yeah.
-We're all fine. but what's next?
-[gasps]
[sighs] This must be the third challenge.
Why do you think
there's a dragon on the door?
It's probably just a metaphor
for slaying our emotional dragons.
-[dragon growls. roars]
-[all gasp]
Seems pretty literal.
You should all get back to the ballroom.
I can do this on my own.
Not for a second.
We've been through too much
to walk away now.
We all want to help free your father
and defeat Gaston.
No matter what's waiting for us
behind that door. we're in it together.
I'm grateful for your friendship.
Ladies. let's go slay all day! [screams]
-Not without us. you don't.
-You don't even have an axe!
[all screaming]
[grunting]
[Tiana groans]
Well? Should we search inside?
Well. it's worked so far. Let's go.
Well. this doesn't seem so bad.
[dragon roars]
At least. not if you imagine
the flames are something else altogether.
Like smoke from the fireplace
of a cozy cottage.
Yeah. I'm imagining the flames are
from the grill
on a busy night at my restaurant.
I'm imagining the flames are a star
guiding me home after a long journey.
This maze could be my way to freedom.
The unknown doesn't have to be scary.
Ow!
When I conquer this maze.
I'll see my father again.
That's the spirit.
And I have an axe!
I've navigated through thorny situations.
but never actual thorns.
Well. I guess this way's as good as any.
[bird chirping]
Oh. Hello. friend.
Maybe you could-- [gasps]
-Oh! I've never scared a bird before.
-[creaking]
That's… strange.
Uh. [sighs]
[echoes] Hello?
[groans]
This all feels like the same place.
It's confusing. that's for sure.
Look for any noticeable marks or signs
to track our way.
Or make marks and signs.
Amazing idea. Rapunzel.
Thank you.
I doubt it will help…
-[creaking]
-…but at least it's cheerful.
Huh?
-[creaking]
-[gasps]
Hello?
-[waves lapping]
-[gasps]
-[sighs]
-[seagull squawks]
Gramma Tala? Wait.
This way.
Gramma Tala!
Wait. I can't--
[panting]
H-Hello?
[creaking]
Moana?
Rapunzel?
Where is everyone? We've lost them.
Maybe they turned back.
Maybe they decided not to help after all?
Oh. I'm never going to save my father.
[vines creaking]
[gasps]
Tiana?
I'm here!
Why did that happen?
What is making the walls change?
First I lose my animal friends.
then I lose my human friends.
Without my friends. who even am I?
Huh? [exclaims]
I'll tell you who I am.
I'm Snow White.
I ate a poisoned apple
and lived to tell the tale.
I kept a house full of seven bachelors
orderly and on task.
I survived the Dark Forest.
Twice!
And I'm great with my axe!
[grunting] Ooh.
[rumbles]
That's what I thought.
[panting]
I shouldn't have stopped to paint.
Now I'm trapped.
and I'm never getting out of here.
[breathes deeply]
No. I'm not trapped.
because I will
never be held captive again.
I will always find a way out.
And I will always find the light!
[rumbles]
[exclaims]
[exhales]
I've never been this lost before.
Maybe I'm not as good a wayfinder
as I thought.
Or maybe I'm not lost.
Maybe I just need to trust myself.
[rumbles]
-And trust that I know the way.
-[rumbles]
[groans]
[gasps]
[pants. screams]
[groans] No. no. no. no. no.
[gasps]
No!
I'm not gonna let
some overgrown rosebush defeat me!
[rumbles]
Ha! That's it!
How did you do that?
When we doubt ourselves.
the maze shifts and changes.
-But when we crush that doubt…
-[rumbles]
We crush the maze!
[chuckles] Let's find the others.
I can climb up there to spot them.
Ow!
Hold on. Before you climb up there--
Some plants have saps that protect them.
Give me your hand.
[gasps]
[groans. breathes shakily]
[humming]
[gasps] Huh?
[vines creaking]
Hmm. Where is she going?
[rumbling]
[gasps] They're ruining my maze!
My beautiful. thorny. unbeatable maze!
[grumbles]
I'm going to get my big. shiny for--
uh. trident. no matter what it takes!
[panting]
We have a king to save.
[vocalizing]
[creaking. rumbles]
-[vocalizing continues]
-[rumbling]
[rumbling]
[cheers] We did it!
We conquered the maze!
-[rumbling]
-Huh?
[rock scrapes]
[chuckles] It's the way out.
Let's go.
[growling]
[all gasp]
[roars]
-Gaston.
-[Tiana] And a dragon?
Do you happen to speak dragon?
Of course!
-[dragon growls. roars]
-[all screaming]
But they aren't big talkers.
Say goodbye. princesses!
You don't stand a chance.
-[Snow White grunts]
-We'll never give up. Gaston.
[growls]
Are we meant to defeat it
as the third challenge?
I don't know.
But it wouldn't be a fair fight.
It has a damaged wing.
[gasps] I bet that salve I made for Ariel
can help her.
I'm going in.
[Gaston] Food delivery. Maleficent.
One princess. piping hot.
[roars]
[all gasp. grunt]
-[Rapunzel. Ariel sigh]
-[imitates dragon]
-[grumbles]
-[Maleficent growling]
-Um.
Hmm. Aha! Hmm.
What are you doing. you bag of smoke?
This dragon needs help.
I don't care about a dragon. [grunts]
I care about winning this challenge
and getting my trident!
-[Maleficent growls]
-[screams. grunts]
-[groans]
-[Maleficent growling]
[Gaston groans]
[screaming]
It's not about the stuff you have. Gaston.
Or the power you possess.
[growls. roars]
Ouch!
That's hot!
It's about what's in your heart.
And the friends you make.
And being nice to animals.
you rotten. no-good--
[roars]
-[rumbling]
-[gasps]
Follow me.
-[all grunt. panting]
-[exclaims. panting]
[Ariel. Moana grunt]
-[Tiana] Ooh.
-[all panting. grunting]
-[Rapunzel] Ooh! [pants]
-[Ariel grunting]
-[Rapunzel grunts. pants]
-[Snow White. Tiana grunt]
-[Rapunzel grunts]
-[Tiana. Snow White pant]
-Come on! Hurry!
-[Snow White grunts]
-[Ariel groans]
[door slams]
[gasps. whimpers]
-[growls]
-[screams]
Have you ever considered
a vegetarian diet?
[growls. roars]
-[chiming]
-[all grunting. sighing]
-[Tiana. Snow White gasp]
-[gasps. pants] Daddy!
[pants]
We're too late.
It's over.
We can't give up now.
-Look inside your heart.
-[sighs]
-What's it telling you?
-It's telling me…
that with my friends at my side…
I can do anything.
[chiming]
-Return my father to the sea!
-[Tiana. Snow White grunt]
[choir vocalizing]
-[chiming]
-[all gasping]
[fanfare]
Because of you all.
the lands and oceans are safe.
Thank you. royal heroes.
Ariel. I do hope to see you
under the sea soon.
[chuckles] Mm-hmm.
-[gasps]
-[chiming. zapping]
I couldn't have done this without you.
Thank you.
It was an amazing day.
I learned so much about myself
-and my new friends.
-[Tiana. Rapunzel chuckle]
With all the secrets it contains.
I can't help but wonder
if this castle was made for Gaston--
Or made for us.
The castle belongs to you. indeed.
Stay as short or as long as you need.
The magic doors in each of your rooms
will lead you home whenever you choose.
Our rooms?
[giggles] Should we search inside?
[chuckles]
[gasps. pants]
[giggles]
-[gasps. sighs]
-[bird twittering]
-[gasps]
-[Flower giggles]
[Snow White crunches]
Mmm.
[grunts]
-[water falling]
-Whoa. [gasps]
[pants]
[giggles]
[gasps]
Oh.
[gasps] Ah.
-Oh!
-[Wardrobe chuckles]
[Ariel] Mmm.
[all panting]
-Ahh.
-[laughs]
-[gasps. laughs]
-[giggles]
-Ahh.
-[chuckles]
[fanfare]